Add service identity endorsements to historical receipts (#3679)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

- New `GET /node/consensus` endpoint now also returns primary node ID and current view (#3666).
- The `enclave::` namespace has been removed, and all types which were under it are now under `ccf::`. This will affect any apps using `enclave::RpcContext`, which should be replaced with `ccf::RpcContext` (#3664).
- HTTP parsing errors are now recorded per-interface and returned by `GET /node/metrics` (#3671).

> - Receipts now come with service endorsements of previous service identities after recoveries (#3679). See `verify_receipt` in `e2e_logging.py` for an example of how to verify the resulting certificate chain.

Reviewer: Could we add a note in the docs about this, and explain how the receipts will differ for pre-recovery receipts?

> - Receipts now come with service endorsements of previous service identities after recoveries (#3679). See `verify_receipt` in `e2e_logging.py` for an example of how to verify the resulting certificate chain. This also applies to ccf::historical::adapter_v3 which replaces ccf::historical::adapter_v2, which did not produce these endorsements.

Reviewer 2: The phrasing makes it sound like this applies to both v2 and v3, but I'm guessing only v3 has that feature?

> - Receipts now come with service endorsements of previous service identities after recoveries (#3679). See `verify_receipt` in `e2e_logging.py` for an example of how to verify the resulting certificate chain. This also applies to ccf::historical::adapter_v3 which replaces ccf::historical::adapter_v2, which did not produce these endorsements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Receipts now come with service endorsements of previous service identities after recoveries (#3679). See `verify_receipt` in `e2e_logging.py` for an example of how to verify the resulting certificate chain. This functionality is introduced in `ccf::historical::adapter_v3`.
```
